% vim: spell ft=tex
\section{Appraisal}
\boxref{6.1-objectives}
\subsection{Evaluation of objectives}

\begin{enumerate}
    \item The user must be able to:
    \begin{enumerate}
        \item Create and edit appointments
        \item Remove appointments (including both finished ones and ones not yet
            passed)
        \item View appointments by day or in a simpler monthly view
        \item Create and edit to-dos
        \item Tick off to-dos as they are completed
        \item Remove to-dos (both completed and not)
    \end{enumerate}
    \item The software should allow printing of any calendar views, and a
        printout of the current to-do list.
    \item The software will be light on memory and processor time usage, as it
        may be left to run passively in the background.
    \item The user must be able to view the contents of the application
        windows easily even as small windows, since the software may be kept
        on the desktop permanently (as a digital to-do list).
\end{enumerate}


\boxref{6.2-feedback}
\boxref{6.3-feedback}
\subsection{Client feedback}

I talked with Amartya about the software, gave him the manual and explained how
to use the program. From this session I received some feedback from him.

``I found the software very easy to understand and move around in. Since I use
my laptop so much it's really handy to be able to add a note quickly and not
worry about losing a post-it note or piece of paper. The program loads up and
shuts down very quickly, and the keyboard shortcuts detailed in the manual are
quite helpful since it means I only need to divert my attention for a few
seconds. Because I'm a developer I appreciate that HTML is rendered as the raw
characters rather than butchered formatting! On appointments, I'm pleased with
how you can store multiple different pieces of information separately so that
it's obvious how best to make an appointment and so I can easily see the
important bits.

I don't think there needs to be two buttons each for creating to-dos and
appointments, since it seems redundant: I just use the bigger button at the
bottom of each tab. The search results window gives clear information
about the appointments found, but it would be better if I could print them out
like I can with other windows. Also, an edit button for each appointment would
make amending appointments in the future much faster.''

TODO -- basically check against objectives again


\boxref{6.4-extensions}
\subsection{Later extensions}

Something possible in real life that my software did not emulate is the sorting
and ordering of to-dos. If a user were able to decide on the order of the to-dos
themselves (without removing and re-adding each individual one), it could make
it easier for them to find with a glance what they're looking for -- e.g. by
moving the 'now' items to the top, and the 'pending' further down. A mock-up
could look similar to this:

\addsmallfigure
    {extension-arrow}
    {An example mock-up of using more buttons to reorder to-dos.}
    {fig:extension-arrow}

As an extension to this idea, being able to group to-dos together and only show
certain groups could be helpful. However, although these ideas make viewing the
highest priority tasks quicker and easier, it could seem like unnecessary
'interface cruft' to users who don't require special features for efficiency.
Already each to-do and appointment has two and three buttons respectively linked
to each, so I would be unsure about adding more buttons.

One feature I wanted to add was notifications for appointments. A user would
select an appointment and specify a date and time for a notification about
it to pop up. I encountered difficulties in finding a simple and clean
cross-platform solution for desktop notifications, however, and decided against
implementing it since my client Amartya didn't request it as an important
feature.

The monthly calendar view was an underdeveloped idea which I think could have
some improvements to make it more useful. For example, there could be some
built-in public holidays and days of importance (such as the beginning and end
of BST). Also, it may be easier to understand if it were in the classic format
where the weekdays are the columns, instead of starting every month at 1 on the
left.
